Enhance update_disk documentation (#903)
cloudfoundry/docs-bosh: content/cpi-api-v2-method/update-disk.md

!!! note
    Before enabling this feature, ensure that the `director.enable_cpi_resize_disk` property is disabled, as the Director gives priority to the `resize_disk` method due to its broader implementation across CPIs. However, it's worth noting that the `update_disk` method not only matches the capabilities of `resize_disk` but also offers the additional functionality of updating cloud properties.

## Director behavior during VM recreation

When `enable_cpi_update_disk` is enabled and a VM is being recreated (e.g., due to a stemcell update or cloud property change), the Director calls `update_disk` while the disk is already in a detached state. This avoids a redundant detach-update-attach cycle:

1. Detach disk from the old VM
2. Call `update_disk` (disk is already detached)
3. Delete old VM, create new VM
4. Attach the (possibly new) disk to the new VM

> If the CPI does not support `update_disk`, the Director falls back to the standard copy-based disk update path transparently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the CPI does not support `update_disk`, the Director falls back to the standard copy-based disk migration path transparently.
```

## Result

>  * `new_disk_cid` [String or nil]: If the disk was replaced (e.g., via snapshot and recreate due to an incompatible type change), returns the new disk's Cloud ID. The Director persists this new CID and uses it for subsequent operations. Returns `nil` if the disk was updated in-place (e.g., a size-only change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `new_disk_cid` [String or nil]: If the disk was replaced (e.g., via snapshot and recreate due to an incompatible type change), returns the new disk's Cloud ID. The Director persists this new CID and uses it for subsequent operations. If the disk was updated in-place, the CPI may return `nil` or the original disk CID - in both cases, the Director continues using the existing CID.
```
